I know it's obvious to a lot of you who
watch my
channel what I'm about to say and why it
makes sense but I hope that what I'm
going to say will help to put this into
a little different perspective than
we're used to and I hope it will help
you in your healing to realize what you
escaped from and I hope it will help
those of us who have loved ones still
stuck in
Christianity to understand what they're
dealing with why it's so hard to walk
[Music]
away Christians are gambling their lives
away they Shuffle their feet like cards
in a dealer's hands Palms sweating
Hearts racing eyes locked on the prize
but the prize is just Mirage a gilded
cage a promised whisper it in stained
glass rooms a jackpot that's never drawn
a figment painted in sermons elusive as
smoke in a cathedral flickering just
beyond reach like the glint of a royal
flesh that never quite
comes they slide their chips across the
Velvet years of Sundays Decades of
obedience tithes and prayers sins
confessed Souls surrendered stacking
their hope in the Full House of God
where repentance is the currency and
salvation is a moving Target drifting
like a shoreline they were told one day
they'd reach thereby in is everything
family ambition
identity all pushed to the center of the
table with Trembling
Hands they bet on faith like it's a safe
bet as if the odds don't matter when you
call call it truth as if belief bends
reality and the wheel won't spin
indifferent to their desperate shaking
hands fingernails digging into the pews
like anchors in a storm when what they
crave is to LEAP into the wind and run
Barefoot across the Earth come
alive we watch them double down on
Doctrine as if Divine roulette has a
bias for the desperate hedging their
eternity like a backroom deal trading
