their minds for the comfort of certainty
trading their bodies for a seat at the
table trading their power for a place in
the game a game they don't even realize
is rigged a game scripted in ancient ink
repeated until the abuse sounds like
love their anti is obedience and the PO
is always just one more sacrifice away
the dealer Smiles a priest in robes a
pastor in a suit a prophet in rags a
Bible in hand each one offering the same
gamble all in or nothing at all no exit
clause no refund policy only promises
dressed in Fire and light and warning
scrawled in fear across the margins of
their Bibles and their lives every altar
call is a final table every sermon is a
spin of the wheel they hold their breath
the dice rattling like thunder in their
skulls rolling down the pulpit Edge
tumbling over centuries of dogma and
dust Heaven or Hell Grace or wrath life
or death the stakes etched in sacred
silence and thunderous guilt as if love
could be reduced to a ledger and Joy
rationed by a
Creed as if eternal life were the pot
and every choice a wager and when the
dice stop when the cards fall when the
chips are spent and the prayers go cold
will they ever dare to look up and see
the empty hands of others who have taken
the same gamble they forgot to count the
cost of the wager one they should have
never placed a wager disguised his
worship demanded in the name of Divine
Mercy will they ask themselves if fear
was ever meant to be a compass or if the
deck was always stacked if the house has
an edge or if they really even know the
rules of the
game or will they whisper as they sink
deeper and deeper into into the game I
can't stop now I've come too
far it's the monter of the broken who
mistake bondage for loyalty who fear the
silence more than the lies who've
wrapped chains in velvet and called them
Grace while the song of their own soul
waits unplayed in a locked drawer of
