Dreams hoping that maybe this time the
River card will finally break in their
favor before The
Showdown and the house laughs
not cruy but confidently the way an old
machine hums with time tested Precision
the way certainty sounds when it's never
been questioned the way power speaks
when no one knows how to walk
away when no one remembers they were
born to LEAP to dance to live with fire
in their chest and paint their legacy
across the Stars the casino of Christian
control needs only your hope to stay
open they wager everything on an unseen
Kingdom stack their existence on a
promise never proven a whispered hope
that Echoes through church Halls a
golden City shimmering just beyond the
veil they call it faith I called a
blindfold tied tight with Trembling
Hands a contract signed in Blood and
fear a gambler's High dressed up as
devotion it's a long con with holy
lighting and generational Bion they fold
their dreams in into pews kneel beneath
the weight of Eternity roll the red and
black dice cast their Lots hoping
praying pleading that when the final
breath escapes their lips they'll awake
into streets of gold as If Heaven were a
cash out window waiting just on the
other side instead of waking to The
Silence of the Void or not waking up at
all how many poems have gone Unwritten
how many wild songs silenced at the
altar how many lives reduced to Qui
compliance when they were meant to bloom
Untamed to run Barefoot with laughter
toward the unknown what if the dealer is
bluffing what if the cards are marked
the game rigged the wheel spun long
before they ever sat down at the
table what if the jackpot was just house
propaganda advertised in glowing sermons
never truly rewarded what if preacher
has no real idea if his message is
really Ultimate Reality or just another
mythology
what if the jackpot is a story woven in
