desperation stitched together in the
dark corners of History to keep the
players playing to keep the chips
flowing to keep the house Standing Tall
and still they bet not just their own
Souls but their childrens their lovers
their neighbors their enemies they cast
them all into the same pot confident
that the reward outweighs the risk that
they are wasting their one short life as
they fold their Futures into Faith sh
rling innocence into the game the risk
is a life unlived days scripted by fear
and ritual dreams sheld for the sake of
a promised afterlife a mind unchallenged
taught not to ask but to submit told
that doubt is rebellion and questioning
is sin a heart Shackled to an illusion
love filtered through Doctrine
compassion weighed down by conditions a
self lost to the shadows of a shell game
that was never meant to be
one Christianity is a rigged table where
the rules make no sense and it was
decided before you ever sat down that
none of the players would ever win this
is not life this is not Freedom this is
a wager made in fear of being human and
the world is waiting aching for us to
rise from the table step outside the
walls and become so much more than they
ever tried to tell us we are it's time
to cash out our silence and reclaim
ourselves
and when the final card is turned when
the breath Stills and the silence Falls
when the veil lifts and nothing Waits on
the other side will they realize they've
been playing with ghosts will they
grieve the life they've spent chasing a
prize that was never there will they
keep their eyes shut tight murmuring
prayers into the abyss Whispering once
more it must be real despite all the
evidence against it simply has to be
life makes no sense if there's no chance
to win the spin of the
wheel it's almost as if they are telling
telling us that even though they have
every reason to leave staying at the
