table will make losing feel like
[Music]
winning they told us to stake it all
this life this breath this fleeting
heartbeat of a human experience on what
comes
next on a roulette wheel spun by Angels
who never show their faces as if Wonder
were a wager and living boldly was a sin
as if Joy had to be earned with chips we
didn't realize we were spending as if
the only table worth playing was the one
rigged against us from the
start they taught us that the afterlife
was a sure thing a check signed in Blood
and sealed in
gold too ashamed to say they were
bluffing too haunted to admit they were
guessing clinging to myths like Po chips
at closing
time afraid to cash out afraid of what
the empty table might say afraid the Pit
Boss of the cosmos might call their
Bluff they told us to fold our questions
like paper prayers into the cracks of
scripture told us to hedge our hearts on
heaven to tithe our doubts to Eternity
to go all in on the kingdom we've never
seen one gated by verses and guarded by
guilt a place whispered about in hushed
tones always just Out Of Reach just out
of Reason like a payout that only ever
existed on stained glass
brochures it's a high stakes table where
only the house knows the rules a
Celestial Casino where the deck is
stacked and the dice are very
loaded they say don't worry if it
doesn't make sense Faith isn't supposed
to just close your eyes hold your breath
and jump into the dark leap trust die
believing bet blind bet big bet
everything
even your fire even your voice even your
shot at a life lived loud and laughing
even your questions tossed like dice
across a silent altar even your
instincts your last chip of clarity they
framed it like an investment Eternal
returns interest paid in glory but it
