felt more like a con like spiritual
cryptocurrency with no proof of concept
no receipts no ledgers just the Warm
Glow of someone else's certainty
a pyramid scheme of Salvation sold door
too in Sunday Best we were sold on the
jackpot but never told the odds a sucker
game with infinite ante and no payout
screen we mortgaged our now for a
mansion in the sky that might not even
have our name on the deed and I paid
with my wonder my wildness my one
precious chance to dance while the music
still played I bet my laughter on a
silent dealer who never turned over his
hand I pushed in my last chips of Youth
of dreaming of unfiltered
joy we played rush and roulette with our
souls spin the barrel of Salvation click
click click will you be saved will he
choose you do you really believe enough
are you pure enough did you pray the
right way did you mean it when you said
his name or were you bluffing or were
you bluffing yourself were you playing a
game you never had a chance to win was
the jackpot ever even in the vault or
just smoke on a dealer's
breath they said heaven or hell like
there were no other Maps like all the
galaxies could be reduced to Pearly
Gates or burning bones no middle ground
no side roads no room for doubt no
refunds just all or nothing all the time
a binary that burns an ultimatum that
devoured Nuance Beauty and the color
wheel of human existence an All or
Nothing parlay where Second Chances were
never part of the spread where folding
was called Rebellion and reshuffling the
cards was heresy we made promises with
our fingers crossed wrote checks with
our spirit we didn't know would cash
every prayer a lottery ticket every
worship song a slot machine pull the
lever of devotion maybe he'll show Mercy
maybe or maybe the silence is the only
answer we were ever going to get a
Stillness mistaken for listening and all
the while the jackpot kept Vanishing
