behind the curtain a Divine bait and
switch with no winning numbers ever
drawn they sold a certainty wrapped in
ancient parchment spoke of paradise like
real estate agents selling beachfront
property in a dream you couldn't wake up
from and we bought it we signed we moved
in only to find the view obscured by fog
and fear and the ocean was a metaphor
and the tide never came it was a scratch
off theology always almost always not
quite a lucky draw that never turned
lucky a payout blocked behind
faith-based terms and conditions but
I've come to see what if this is the
life what if this is the whole hand what
if the only eternity that matters is the
one that we shape right now with
trembling fingers and a pulse that we
can still feel what if Joy isn't a prize
that we earn but a practice that we
learn and what if the gamble was never
worth the grief what if the jackpot was
already in our chest quietly beating
waiting to be heard beneath the noise of
someone else's
gospel what if the miracle was never a
mansion but a bonfire that we build with
our own hands warming others while
there's still
time what if our Legacy is the way we
laughed with our whole lungs how we
danced Barefoot in the middle of the
chaos how we loved without a single
guarantee what if the pot of gold is the
freedom to be fully human flawed glowing
undone and still enough
what if the safest bet was always this
breath this moment this chance to go all
in on being Fully Alive what if the real
jackpot is not somewhere beyond but
right here right now waiting in the
courage it takes to stop playing someone
else's
game what if the winning hand is self
trust what if Liberation is the Royal
fles no one told us we already
held what if the payout is the laugh we
didn't suppress the truth we finally
voiced The Wager we placed on our own
