worth and it paid out in
[Music]
full they push their chips across the
table stacking their souls against the
odds against reason against doubt
against the quiet voice inside that
Whispers what if you're
wrong but they won't hear it they can't
afford to to question is to crack the
foundation to invite the collapse to
watch the scaffolding of certainty come
crashing down in splinters of fear razor
edged and impossible to gather once
broken like shards of stained glass in
trembling hands like a busted flush in
the middle of the final round no win no
cover no way out so they double down on
scripture on sermons on Sunday mornings
on every unshakable truth that Quivers
if you stare too long that trembles like
an old house during a storm each Timber
groaning with stories no one dares to
speak aloud each verse is a bluff every
Doctrine is just another chip in a
desperate pot and they recite the lines
they've memorized like
incantations as if repetition makes
something real as if conviction makes
something true as if a chant could beat
the odds they hold their Bibles like a
shield as if words on a page can turn
away the tide of reason as if Faith
itself is the hand of God pulling them
to shore when they've been treading
water for years weary of Salvation that
never arrives drowning at the table
clutching promises like IOU in a rigged
hand the tide doesn't stop Rising the
flood waters creep higher and the
shoreline they were promised is nowhere
to be seen swallowed by the Sea of quiet
doubts they dared not name washed out by
centuries of met hope carried off by the
waves like unanswered prayers like
tokens dropped in a well that never
Echoes back
still they
cling because to let go is to sink to
let go is to face the void to see the
world as it really is vast uncaring
