unconcerned with their belief and yet
breathtaking in its rawness still
inviting them to dance silent and sacred
in its indifference and yet pulsing with
the beauty of being
unowned the moment they walk away they'd
have to admit the jackpot was a myth so
they build higher walls walls of
doctrine of apologetics walls so thick
that not even doubt can seep in layered
with Psalms patched with fear lit with
flickering hope built from Fear
masquerading his devotion painted with
the smiles of the faithful and the
Silence of the terrified and they stand
inside clutching their certainty like
their last chip believing that if they
just hold on long enough they'll hit the
jackpot of divine revelation one day God
himself will prove that they were right
all along that the trembling was worth
it that every silence question was a
step closer to huge rewards that every
prayer was a seed not a stone that their
aching was a holy currency not an
offering lost in the dark as if Faith
were a Progressive payout slowly
building interest in the celestial prize
pool my friends faith is not a winning
hand faith is a stalling tactic a slow
bleed a desperate delay a way to keep
playing long after the Smart Ones leave
the table long after the Music Stops and
the lights are flickering out casting
Long Shadows over everything
they gave up to keep believing long
after the dealer is packed up and the
chips were
dust and when the truth is laid bear
when they see the dealer was
bluffing when they realize the pot was
empty this whole time will they
rage will they
weep or will they force themselves to
believe just one more time just enough
to get through one more night just
enough to silence that art of them still
begging to be free swall following the
LIE calling it Grace like doubling down
with no cards left to play if they fold
