now if they walk away now if they admit
that reason was the only ace in the deck
then they'll have to face the hardest
truth of all that they've bet their
whole lives on a lie a lie wrapped in
love songs and threats in hymns and
warnings a lie they gave their first
breath to a lie that was sung over to
them in their crib and wept over during
their wedding vows stitched into their
lullab eyes worn like a second skin
sweet with
Nostalgia but cruel in its
grip and behind that
lie like a light spilling through a
broken curtain is the world they were
meant to live
in a world not ruled by fear but
overflowing with the ache to taste to
touch
to become a world with no buyin just raw
existence begging to be held a world
where nobody Waits For Eternity to begin
loving their life no one withholds their
Joy No One trades their soul for a
promise that's never going to get here
we were meant to be free meant to sing
with our whole bodies meant to carve our
names in the sky and leave behind more
than obedience we were meant to leave
behind love what do you do when the LIE
you lived for has stolen the life that
you were meant to live what do you do
when your soul wants to run Barefoot
through the grass but you've kept it
Shackled In a sanctuary kneeling where
you should have danced Whispering when
you longed to sing what do you do when
the only thing you've ever known turns
out to be the thing that held you
back you called it
safety when the garden waited just
beyond the
gate but you were told the gate was
then will you wait forever for a love
that never
arrives or will you take your one wild
precious
breath and finally live it Untamed
unowned fully awake will you leave the
