table push in your final chip and walk
into the sunrise with nothing but
yourself and everything finally
truly yours
[Music]
they kneel at the
table chips piled high hands clasped
tight Whispering incantations into the
void rolling the dice with closed eyes
begging pleading
promising Lord let this one hit let this
one be the one that proves that it all
meant something that I didn't waste my
breath on silence dressed up as a
sanctuary they've been told it
works they've been told that prayer
moves mountains that Faith shifts the
odds that a Divine ear bends low to
catch their every whispered need like a
lullabi humming in the dark like a
parent who never leaves the room and so
they Place their
beds again and again and again a sick
child pray harder Allah job pray longer
a broken heart pray without ceasing as
if enough desperation can buy a miracle
as If Heaven is a vault that only opens
Under Pressure they pump quarters into
the celestial slot machine pulling the
lever of Supplication hoping for a
payout hoping for the bells to ring for
the flashing lights of Miracles for the
jackpot of divine intervention that
never quite comes only the sound of
breath held and Never released only the
echo of their own voice circling back
through the hollow and still they anti
up with every breath not realizing that
the game is tilted against them from the
start this isn't poker this is spiritual
roulette and the Chamber never clicks
empty and when the silence answers back
when the illness lingers and the rent is
still overdue and when the coffin still
lowers into the ground they whisper not
my will but
yours words that taste like surrender
and
a ritual of Letting Go when the Letting
Go breaks them in half a forced smile a
