hollow Faith a rigged game that can't be
questioned where the rules change
whenever doubt dares to speak and even
grief is sometimes considered a
rebellion to admit it doesn't
work to admit they've wasted their
prayers wasted their tears wasted the
small flickering hope that somewhere out
there somebody was listening
somebody was watching holding a plan too
holy to explain too cruel to be examined
up
close and so they tell themselves prayer
works you just don't see it God answered
you just didn't like the answer the dice
fell exactly as he
planned even if it crushed you in the
process even if it shattered your faith
into tiny reverent pieces like confetti
tossed at a
funeral the alternative is
Unthinkable the alternative is staring
into the abyss seeing the empty Sky
staring back realizing that no amount of
prayer will ever stack the deck will
ever change the odds will ever bend the
universe in their favor because the
Universe plays no favorites makes no
promises and owes no explanations and so
they pre
on like a gambler chasing the next big
wind convincing themselves that the next
hand will be different that the next
pull of the lever will bring the
floodgates of Heaven open wide with
light and mercy and proof that love was
listening that their cries didn't
dissolve into nothing they live in
spiritual sunk cost
fallacies doubling down with every
unanswered petition bluffing their pain
away at the felt covered altar raising
the stakes with every heartbreak
and when it doesn't when all they hear
is silence when all they see is the
world turning without them when the sky
remains still and their hands remain
empty when their body ages waiting for
answers that are never going to arrive
they whisper through gritted teeth I
