Genesis against John levitic against
love Paul against Jesus the Old
Testament wrath against the New
Testament Grace pretending they all
belong in the same deck pretending they
all make sense when shuffled just right
when arranged like poetry they must
never be read aloud a collage of
absolutes stitched together in
silence each verse is a face card in a
mismatched hand hoping for a miracle on
the river they see the cracks the way
Yahweh shifts from a jealous war god to
A Tender Shepherd the way sin is
inherited but free will is sacred the
way God is all loving but hell is
eternal the way prayers are answered
except when they
aren't when silence Roars louder than
Mercy when silence is recast as Divine
mystery they see the inconsistencies but
they can't afford to acknowledge them
can't bear to meet the eyes of the child
they used to be eyes that once lit up at
flannel graph stories and Promises of
forever so they play the hand their
dealt convincing themselves it's a royal
fles when it's barely a pair of twos
held together by habit or hymns threaded
with Nostalgia and
fear a bluff at the high stakes table of
Eternity they memorize the right answers
like a card shark's slight of hand quick
ERS quick words ready to spin a Doctrine
into a trick of the light before the
illusion slips and the curtain is pulled
back the whole
operation the whole whole thing is a
shell game dressed in sacred
robes they redefine free will when the
problem of evil arises they redefine
omniscience when prophecy fails they
redefine Grace when morality bends and
kindness no longer fits within the frame
of Holiness when love starts to look too
human to be divine they hedge their Bets
with theological footnotes pray like
they're covering of spread every
question has an answer even if the
answer is just a theological shuffle a
