because they've already given too much
they've already carved too many altars
they've already bled too much hope onto
the sanctuary floor
they're
overcommitted to a bizarre insane extent
stuck in a bluff that's more about
culture than worldview trapped in the
glare of the house lights if they don't
keep believing they lose it all not just
the years and the pews but the identity
wrapped in scripture the community built
in the hymns the prayers stitched into
the very fabric of their soul each one a
thread pulling them tighter into the
story binding their breath to a
narrative they're too afraid to unravel
the buyin was their childhood The Rake
has been their Joy the dealers cut was
always their freedom if they fold now
they would have to
admit they were profoundly wrong and
that they've gambled their lives away
and who could bear that who could stare
into the abyss of wasted time and not
feel their knees Buckle beneath them who
could let in the truth without
shattering who could make a quiet break
without losing everything that they once
called sacred what Christian can admit
they've been chasing a cold streak their
whole lives betting on this fixed table
bluffing their soul into obedience and
so they double down again and again and
again and again and again another church
service another Bible study another
whispered prayer begging to the faith to
silence the doubt another whispered
prayer begging for the faith to silence
their doubts for the certainty to
replace the creeping gnawing truth that
maybe just maybe they have been gambling
on a lie and the jackpot they've been
promised was never on the table it was
just a mirage held out like a carrot
tied to a cross a false jackpot a
theological Lottery that no one ever
wins where the only payout is more
waiting but the longer they stay the
harder it is to leave the cost Rises
