with every passing year the chains
tighten with every chorus sung the exit
door Fades into the background covered
by the noise of Hallelujah and
amens disguised discomfort reinforced
with fear wrapped in ritual smoothed
over by Decades of practiced belief the
game becomes the cage the BET becomes
the belief the chips become chains they
tell themselves it's safer this this way
that it's better to keep playing better
to keep hoping better to die in the game
than to leave and realize they spend a
lifetime betting on nothing sitting
still afraid to dance Outside the Lines
terrified of the wild Joy waiting on the
other
side it's easier for them to chase the
loss than to face The Ledger easier to
believe a payouts coming than to admit
you've been cleaned
out and when you feel the weight of it
when they see the year
slipping through their fingers like sand
in an hourglass grains made of memories
they never got to live moments unlived
songs unsung colors never chosen for the
canvas when they hear the voice inside
whisper it's okay to leave it's okay to
be free to run to breathe to become to
reclaim the wild light behind your
eyes they shake their head
grip the cards tighter sweat it out as
they ponder their pocket Deuces digging
their nails into the past and Whispering
back I can't stop my luck is bound to
turn around soon somehow someway I'll
find a way to prove that Yahweh and
Jesus are real that his death and
Resurrection saves me that the Bible is
the one true mythology they think that
playing long enough somehow earns them
points and gives meaning to the
foolishness
of their Human Sacrifice blood magic
death
cult as if folding is failure not
Freedom as if believing it long enough
somehow makes it more true as if
survival is the same thing as peace as
