a religious
confession so they play the game they
read the books they fast they repent
they kneel lift their hands beg weep
speak in tongues in desperation as if
their ache could open the gates and
rewrite the rules
each Act is another coin another pull
another wager in the casino of
sanctification they call it Faith he
call devotion but it's just a holy
hustle dressed in stained glass
reverence a sacred slot machine glowing
beneath vaulted ceilings it is a Divine
Ponzi scheme where only the house gets
Rich where the emotional dividends
rarely pay out and the chance to truly
win at life was never a real option
and the payout a feeling a fleeting
moment a chill down the spine during
worship a shiver they swear is the holy
spirit a manufactured Euphoria wrapped
in the illusion of divine presence
emotion choreographed to mimic
Transcendence a chemical cocktail in
their minds stirred in perfect timing
with the final cord of a song a pale of
Goosebumps instead of Grace of dopamine
instead of divinity and for a
moment each week it's enough for a
moment the bells ring the lights Flash
the reels align just enough to trick the
soul they believe they've won something
real something more than adrenaline and
surrender mixed together something holy
enough to keep the ache
away but the moment Fades and the hunger
returns and The Emptiness settles back
in like a sh with their feet curling
under the pews lingering behind the
Hallelujah wrapping itself around their
ankles like a familiar ghost named
almost or so close or maybe next time so
they pull the lever again they go back
for more because stopping would mean
admitting that the machine never pays
out that the system is built to keep
them playing that this is a rigged
Mirage programmed to never hit that the
thrill of almost
