[Music]
they hold their hand close clutching
their faith like a royal fles confident
certain convinced playing it like
they've got their
Aces yet the Flop never favors their
suit it's a bluff a performance honed by
fear a script memorized before they ever
knew they had a choice this is a game of
Make Believe played in the
dark the stakes are love family
belonging the very air we're meant to
breathe the warmth we're meant to rest
in this high stakes table is where you
lose your
identity they push all in they bet their
loyalty to these doctrines their
obedience to the word of God their
unwavering submission to the rules of a
game of chance that they did not design
rules etched by much older hand hands
with absurd certainty pressed down like
heirlooms wrapped in guilt no chance to
withdraw no option to fold without
losing faith and when the dealer calls
when the test comes and the moment
arrives to prove that they are faithful
they take all their chips and lay them
at the altar bleeding quietly beneath
their Sunday Smiles trying not to
tremble beneath the weight of betrayal
called love it's a cold read of the Soul
hoping the dealer won't call their Bluff
a mother disowns her own son not because
she does not love him but because she
was taught she must love Jesus more than
she loves anyone else and that love must
be conditional if it is to be holy as if
Holiness requires heartbreak as if God
Demands a broken family as proof of
devotion as if the pot only grows when
the cost is unbearable a father turns
his back not because he does not care
but because the church has told him that
care without compliance is rebellion
against God as if Mercy is allowed only
when you've jumped through the right
Hoops as if compassion must come with an
eternal contract a sister stops calling
a brother Whispers prayers instead of
