Embrace their child's voice calling for
them when those ghosts press against
them and Whisper was it worth
it they will bury their faces in their
hands
and Whisper
back I can't stop now I have to keep
going I have to keep gambling my life on
Jesus because they've already bet the
house they've already signed over their
hearts they've already mortgaged their
soul on a mythological long shot
admitting the bluff would mean mourning
the life they never lived the beauty
that they turned away the hands they
didn't hold the Forgiveness they never
gave themselves to fold now would mean
facing the reality that the the pot
they've been striving for never
existed and the house watches the house
Waits patient and still it's a seasoned
dealer with centuries of practice
shuffling the same deck of fear and
shame knowing the rules don't need to
change only the players do only the
hearts that are too afraid to fold
because in the house of holy waiters the
game is never over just passed down one
hand at a time
[Music]
they were born with a blank
slate a self yet to be written a soul
stretching its limbs for the first time
in the light hungry to dance to choose
to Simply Be An unshuffled hand
untouched chips a game waiting to begin
but before they could even play their
firstand before they could even choose
their seat at the table the rules were
set the bets were placed the game was
rigged against them scripted by a
counterfeit love the house set the odds
before they even knew what the stakes
were they were told who they were before
they had a chance to discover it stamped
sealed ordained a child of God a soldier
of Christ a sinner in need of saving
guilt handed to them like a
Birthright the dealer dealt them shame
as the start
