hand the blind bet was guilt their name
was not their own but a borrowed
identity signed away a signature forged
in scripture and sealed with fear Bound
in the fine print of Salvation like
signing a player's card at a casino you
never chose to
enter they were baptized into the wager
into the belief that their soul was the
collateral their worth was tied to their
allegiance every breath belonged to a
dealer they never met but were taught to
call Father father a father who watched
not listened he was the Divine Pit Boss
in the sky tallying sins and blessings
with a poker
face and so they played they shaped
themselves to fit the M flattening their
voice to fit between the lines they
became their own cier enforcing the
rules against themselves erasing the
questions silencing the doubts rewriting
themselves in red letters so they could
belong to a story that made no room for
who they might become a script that only
knew how to repeat
itself a game with no wild cards no
Redal no exac Claus they bet everything
on a version of themselves that never
truly existed it's a paper thin echo of
someone they were told to be
fragile and bright but not
alive they went all in on a ghost hand
bluffing their way through a rigged
round and when they glimpsed to the
truth when the mirror reflected a
stranger when the mask cracked when the
self they had hidden began clawing its
way to the surface they panicked like
waking from a dream and forgetting how
to breathe like realizing you've
memorized someone else's heartbeat like
discovering the chips were counterfeit
all along because if they are not who
they were told to be then who are they
if the Bible does not define them if the
church does not own them if God is not
their maker then what is left who are
they what compass remains when the stars
were painted on the ceiling when the
