heavens were hung like wallpaper what
strategy works when the table was only
an illusion their indoctrinated minds
think that asking the hard questions is
risking everything and that to step
outside the lines is to gamble with
damnation to walk without a map without
approval without
Applause they are defly afraid of facing
a world that won't offer them
Transcendent truths
they can't fathom the freedom of being
okay with not having all the answers
they can't imagine leaving the table
with nothing but their own name their
chips uncashed and unclaimed and so they
stay they play their part they keep
their voice low their curiosity chained
their doubts buried their intuition held
like a losing ticket at the Redemption
counter to them walking away would cost
more than just lost faith it would be
losing their very selves Exile from the
only World they were allowed to belong
to the exit is marked abandon all hope
ye who cash
out and to lose that feels like losing
everything so they grip the hand they
were dealt perhaps on some level knowing
it is not their own knowing the game is
rigged knowing the house is already won
but they feel compelled to keep playing
the
game perhaps the pot is too high the
sunk cost is too deep the chips are
already spent it's as if surviving the
cage just justifies never leaving
it and the house has found a way to keep
them playing to make them almost believe
that they can win at this losing game at
this sucker Gambit because in the casino
of The
Devout the longest Bluff
wins not the truest
[Music]
hand month after month year after
year they slide their chips across the
table dropping dollars into the hands of
men who promised
salvation but delivered nothing but
