worldview is more mythology than truth
they don't keep the faith because it
makes sense or even necessarily because
they feel it deep in their bones they
keep the faith simply because they fear
the
alternative the void the bizarre and
overpowering freedom that would come
with walking away the terrifying Beauty
of standing alone beneath a sky that no
longer
watches what
if those are the two words that keep
them tethered what
if two words that build invisible bars
around the prison of their minds like
vines that wrap slowly gently until
breathing feels like betrayal until
Stillness feels like sin it's a mental
slot machine that always spins what if
what if what if what if there's a Heaven
what if there's a hell what if they walk
away now and Wake Up in Flames what if
eternity is just one bad decision away
what if folding the hand costs more than
they can afford what if the dealer is
watching waiting ready to call them out
the moment they fold ready to punish not
just Rebellion but the mere Act of
wondering the audacity to question the
hand they were
dealt a demigod working behind the
scenes counting chips and sins
they don't know they don't know so they
stay in the game too afraid to leave too
afraid of The Quiet on the other side of
certainty where no hymns ever play but
the air is honest they're too afraid to
cash out too afraid to see what's left
when the house credit runs dry they
convince themselves it's logical it's a
safe bet a Pascal's wager dressed in
Sunday clothes better to believe and be
wrong than to doubt and be damned better
to gamble on a ghost
than to lose sleep over the truth but
they don't see that they're not playing
to win they're playing to avoid losing
playing defense at the poker table of
the Soul folding their questions before
