the cards are doubt trading joy for the
illusion of security sacrificing their
voice for a seat at someone else's table
a table where the Buy in is silence and
the payout is obedience a hollow Faith a
whispered prayer spoken in fear instead
of Love spoken like like an apology for
existing for being a human in a world
that demanded Angels a bargain a
transaction a backro deal with the deity
who never shows his hand A desperate
plea for insurance on a soul they aren't
even sure they own a soul they were told
was broken before it ever had the chance
to bloom cracked before its first
question what kind of God would call
this Faith what kind of divine being
would be fooled by a gambler's last
ditch bet what kind of Truth requires a
wager to make it seem worth believing a
gamble coated in trembling hope and
paralyzed devotion a threat wrapped in
Golden Light a game where the house Edge
is guilt and the Pod is never claimed
are you kidding
me still they pushed the chips forward
nod to the dealer repeat the same tired
refrain I believe I believe I believe
deal me in
again but it's not belief it's fear
dressed up as Faith it's a Superstition
spoken like a prayer rubbing the same
Lucky Chip an echo in a cathedral
they're too scared to leave it's a
prayer recited like our Superstition
it's a hedge against uncertainty it's a
life spent playing it safe never daring
to ask never daring to question never
daring to walk away from the table and
see what's outside the casino maybe
there's something out there where the
wild flowers grow in the cracks of what
you were told to fear where love does
not require permission
outside the air smells like Risk but
also like truth and when the doubts come
when the cracks begin to show when the
weight of the Wasted Years settles on
them like an old coat worn too long
threadbear tired lined with moments that
