they never got to live they whisper
because it's all they've got left I
can't stop now I've come too far I've
got to keep gambling like a gambler with
nothing left but hope and borrowed chips
they
act like proximity to the LIE could
somehow make it
truth maybe survival was the same as
peace maybe staying is braver than
becoming you wish they could wake
up and the house sigh not from sorrow
but with the slow breath of something
ancient that doesn't perhaps truly care
if you believe but only that you stay
that you keep playing eyes down heart
folded chips on the
table it cares only that you keep
playing long enough to
forget get you were ever
[Music]
free the cards are marked bent at the
corners stained with confession edges
worn smooth from trembling hands that
once built dreams but now fidget with
fear still hoping to find meaning in the
shuffle they don't realize that the deck
was stacked long before they sat down
the dice are loaded tipped with
centuries of Dogma rolling toward
silence weighted with scripture Twisted
into shackles every throw lands in The
house's favor snake eye is for the soul
the wheel only spins in One Direction
and it's never in your favor no matter
how many prayers are whispered into the
spin no matter how many tears are folded
into the hyms they walk in heads bowed
hands trembling with hope hope carved
from sermons and held like breath
underwater hope that tastes like metal
like holding your breath too long in the
dark tokens clutched too tightly
desperate for the payout thinking that
they have a chance that the odds might
be fair that the dealer is playing by
the rules rules that they never got to
read only recite rules delivered with a
smile and nailed to their childhood like
Commandments fine print hidden in
