Parables buried Beneath The Velvet of
ritual but the house writes the rules
cloaked in Holiness and fear writes them
with ink invisible to anyone who doubts
an instruction manual written in slight
of hand and Sacrament the house owns the
table bolted to the floor of a sanctuary
covered in guilt lined with silent gasps
a table where every seat faces the
pulpit and never the truth the house
chooses the winners names them blessed
and favored then counts the offering
plates measuring devotion in decimal
points and obedience in
Applause it's a payout only granted to
those who never cash out their
questions the house is never going to
lose because the house is Playing for
Keeps not for truth and truth here is a
currency far too unstable to be cashed
doubt is considered counterfeit
Redemption has a cover charge the pastor
grins from the pulpit a master of this
Con uh continuing to make promises as
long as his sheep keep on repeating the
same things keep on giving keep on
bowing their heads keep on kneeling keep
on being gullible and pliable as long as
you sing louder than your questions a
poker face with a Pulpit mic as long as
they keep
playing the church is built on
bets bets that the faithful will stay
bets that the doubters will fold
bets that no one will dare to stand up
and call the bluff to flip the table and
ask why The House Always Wins why the
dealer never weeps when the players do
why the jackpot always moves just Out Of
Reach and when the prayers don't work
when the healing never comes when the
promises unravel it's not the house
that's at fault it's always the player
you didn't pray enough you didn't
believe enough you didn't give enough
you didn't suffer beautifully enough
your grief wasn't Godly your doubt was
too loud your we weariness was
Unbecoming you didn't play your hand the
way the dealer demanded and the house
