shifts the blame and invites you to spin
the wheel again and every loss is blamed
on your lack of faith not the Crooked
odds the house watches as they chase a
wi that was never on the table as they
pour in their lives their faith their
families their future their songs their
tears their sense of self their
curiosity their Longing To Be whole it's
just it's not enough it will never be
enough this is not a game of chance it's
a guarantee of loss the house is built
on Hunger on longing on the illusion
that if they stay just a little longer
play just a little harder give just a
little bit more they will finally win
finally be seen finally be safe finally
be loved in the way that they were
promised but never felt the jackpot is
always almost and the pale is always
after
death they don't win they can't win the
rules were never going to be fair
they're only meant to keep you seated
obedient quietly losing this is a faith
casino with no clocks no exits just
hymns on repeat and Hope on lay away and
still our friends our loved ones they
sit at the table emptying their pockets
clutching the last scraps of their
belief smoothing them like cards bent
from too many losses cards damp with
sweat soft with regret the losing hand
played far too long a bluff No One
Believes anymore they're whispering to
themselves
again I can't stop now I've come too
far I have put everything into the Bible
I've put everything into Father Son and
Holy Spirit I've put everything into the
Cross of Christ to stop would be to
stare directly into the truth and
realize the game was never yours to win
and again the house Smiles the kind of
smile that knows it never really had to
try that hard because desperation will
always deal itself in Lost Children
return to familiar cages hoping they've
changed and the lights never dim the
table never
