closes and the house never
[Music]
folds the game is
rigged a slowburn Casino of Shame and
sanctity but it's not just money on the
table it's their mind their breath their
peace their laughter before it was
silenced their sense of safety in their
own skin their mental chips stacked
without consent bet on a game they never
agreed to
play their ability to sleep at night
without hearing The Echoes of sermons
telling them they're never enough never
whole never clean never loved without
condition never acceptable without a
apology the stakes are sanity and the
dealer plays
mercilessly never blinking or bleeding
only collecting smiling with the
confidence of someone who already won a
house that knows the odds are fixed the
players will always blame themselves
they wake up each morning already guilty
already in debt to a God who demands
more than they can ever give more than
is humanly possible more than love
should ever ask their spiritual credit
line is maxed out before breakfast every
thought is examined every desire judged
every mistake held against them like a
weighted diey that always lands on sin
no matter how gently it falls no matter
how honest the hand that rolled it
loaded dice disguised as holy conviction
they're taught to fear the very fabric
of their own mind the soft threads of
intuition and the fierce fire of reason
the longing to question the hunger to
grow doubt is a devil Whispering sadness
is a lack of faith trauma is just
another test to see if they'll praise
him through the pain a Divine experiment
where suffering is Sanctified and Agony
is mistaken for devotion this is a
psychological poker table where pain is
proof of
loyalty you're not allowed to question
to be angry to be tired to be human in
ways that cannot be packaged in Praise
