in ways that don't look good from the
pulpit only bets that look like
blessings are allowed so they break
slowly silently in the spaces where no
one is looking behind closed doors
Behind Closed Hearts folding their truth
in on itself uh like a losing hand again
and again silence becomes a scream they
try to prey the Panic away try to rebuke
the depression cast out the demons that
are nothing more than chemical
imbalances misfiring neurons trauma
wrapped in scripture until it no longer
looks like pain and just another burden
to carry another test of faith Another
Mountain they're told they should move
with the mustard seed as if healing were
just about willpower and
worthiness as if healing were a jackpot
waiting for the right ritual
combination and when they collapse when
the weight is too much when they find
themselves curled up on the bathroom
floor Whispering these prayers that keep
going unanswered fighting tears they
aren't even sure they're allowed to cry
because sorrow feels like betrayal to
God and grief feels like heresy because
exhaust has been painted as Rebellion
they're told again and again it's your
fault not Gods Not the churches not the
theology that wired your brain for
self-destruction no you must have sinned
you must not have believed enough
trusted enough played the game right you
must have missed a spiritual anti or
fumbled the Divine dice roll you must
have missed a step in the dance of
obedience you must have blinked during
the miracle so they keep playing they
keep spinning the wheel hoping the next
spin wins the jackpot gambling with
their own minds trading rest for
righteousness identity for approval
freedom for forgiveness chasing coins of
Mercy in a machine built for
Burnout because again to leave the game
is to face the truth that you're
suffering was never part of a plan your
pain was never holy it was just human it
