was just real it was just ignored it was
just inconvenient for those who needed
their
silence your mental health was
collateral in a game that you didn't
need to play
but you were forced into before you had
the words to say no before you even knew
you had a voice to raise before we knew
the chips were ours to keep but our
friends have been here too long they bet
too much to step away to reclaim their
minds to put the cards down and say no
more it would feel like a betrayal to
them strangely enough like a
defeat like walking away from God
dishonors the love that they longed for
and as if reclaiming their own peace
means forsaking their purpose as if
folding their hand of faith means they
never really played the game at all so
they
whisper through the sleepless nights
through the storm raging in their mind I
can't stop now I've got to keep gambling
I've just I've come too far I've got too
much at stake here the pot is too full
of their past because if this wasn't
holy then the ache was for nothing and
they're terrified of healing without
permission of dancing in the light
without a blessing of being whole
without being broken first of of cashing
out and discovering you were never
bankrupt to begin
with and
again the house watches waiting for the
next big bet waiting with patience
sharpened by
Centuries with pockets deep enough to
swallow another soul and silence soft
enough to be mistaken for
God a house that doesn't need to cheat
it only needs to convince you that doubt
is
[Music]
debt they are
addicts perhaps not to wine or pills or
powder their drug of choice is the rush
of
