worship the hit of holy ecstasy the
shiver down the spine the euphoria of a
well-timed
Hallelujah a hit stronger than
adrenaline more seductive than sin more
dazzling than the casino lights on the
strip and they chase it the emotional
high of the altar call the tears rolling
down the cheeks as the music swells the
moment the pastor Whispers do you feel
him he is here he is with us their
breath catches baited by the Divine
Chasing Ghosts in the fog slot machines
of sound and sight promising redemption
in a key change and they do or at least
they think they do because belief is a
gamble with loaded Dice and they've been
taught The House Always Wins even when
the payout is emotional
illusion and the cost of walking away is
their Eternal Soul or so they've been
told it's an all-in kind of Faith with
no chance to walk away without loss and
the Bas drops in the bridge of the song
and the lights dim just right the voices
rise together like waves a liturgic of
longing choreographed like theater and
suddenly they're lifted Swept Away held
in something bigger than themselves a
warmth so convincing it feels Eternal a
spiritual jackpot blinking neon inside
their chest the emotional roulette wheel
finally hitting what feels like heaven
an ecstasy so engineered they forget
it's rehearsed and for a moment they're
convinced for a moment the doubts
dissolve the we disappears the world
makes sense shame takes a backseat logic
goes quiet fear is silenced and the
roulette wheel spins and everything
lands on Grace the wheel doesn't spin at
random it's designed to make hope
addictive every prayer is a poker chip
tossed in Hope every chor is a bet on
Heaven's silence and for a moment
they're sure absolutely breathlessly
sure like a gambler swearing the next
role is redemption they're banking on
Bliss they're afraid to
Blink they're praying like card counters
