memorizing every miracle and Melody but
as you and I know all too well the
moment Fades the high wears off the cold
reality of Monday morning settles in and
their hands feel empty again as if the
spirit clocked out with the
band as if Divinity punched a Time cart
and left them holding mere Echoes
they're waking up with their pockets
Inside Out hung over from Glory these
emotional IUS Soul deep withdrawal
symptoms so they return to the pulpit to
the performance to the church like stage
actors hoping this time the tears will
be real rehearsing the Revival with the
desperation of someone who's down to
their last emotional dollar they're
bankrupt in spirit but they're still
feeding tokens into the
machine it's as if their Applause could
trigger God's Encore because if they can
just feel that way again if they can
just summon that certainty one more time
maybe this time it will stick maybe the
Fire won't go out maybe this time the
BET will finally pay out in peace maybe
this is the Sunday that the jackpot
lands maybe this is the sermon that
breaks the bank maybe this is when your
soul finally wins the lottery they tell
themselves it's the spirit it's
divine but deep down they
know it feels an awful lot like the rush
of a gambler waiting for the next win
like Grace on lway way waiting to be
claimed with enough emotional currency
every raised hand is a symbolic wager
every tear is a offering toward a
feeling they're trading tithes for
Transcendence they're banking on a
Feeling because they want to buy
eternity like the desperate pull of a
slap machine lever like that moment
before the dice leaves your trembling
fingers this might be the one this might
be the one time God shows up in more
than Sound and Lighting Maybe Maybe This
Time heaven will stop bluffing maybe
this time the veil will tear for real
not just in song Maybe This Time the
