jackpot isn't just for a show and when
it isn't when the quiet returns and the
Goosebumps fade and the Music Stops and
you're left alone with your thoughts
that Echo a lot louder than any sermon
ever tried
to your thoughts were thunderous with
the
emptiness the wha ifs and Theos start to
load
up and they want why doesn't it
last why do I need
more why does God feel strongest when
the lights are low and the music is
high why does divine presence feel like
a performance
cue why does it feel like I'm folding
every Sunday just to stay in the game
why does faith feel rigged why do I feel
like I was born into a hustle that I
never chose like a poker table I was sat
at as a child I was forced to play with
without even knowing the rules but they
shove the questions aside because they
cannot afford to be wrong they cannot
afford to lose the one thing that ever
felt like
certainty walking away from this game
would feel like discarding the only hand
they were ever dealt losing their belief
in Jesus would feel like letting go of
gravity in a world built on control so
they chased the high again and again to
stop now is to admit that they were just
feeling feeling something not
experiencing something just feeling
something not encountering a cosmic
truth but bathing in emotional and
spiritual illusion they weren't
Sanctified they were just stimulated
they weren't convicted they were just
chemically lit up they weren't born
again they were just breathless and
broken in a room full of smoke and
mirrors they're just spinning reels and
praying for the jackpot of peace and
they line up for the next Revival the
next Mountaintop moment their hearts
rehearsing the rise the fall the tears
their Soul's hungry their heart's
