addicted their doubts suffocating
beneath the weight of one more emotional
fix this is a sacred addiction masked
does devotion this is a habit disguised
as Holiness this is like spiritual sugar
it's sweet it's quick it's gone they're
betting their soul on cotton candy
theology this is high glycemic grace
these are emotional carbs this is faith
that spikes and crashes empty calories
of the Divine melting the moment that
truth touches them and as the music
swells again as their hands stretch up
to the sky as they beg for one more
glimpse of Eternity they whisper like an
addict again and
again I can't stop
now I'm In Too
Deep I've come too far this just has to
be
true they're too far into the wager
they're too deep into the bluff there
are too many chips on the table there's
too much of their identity wrapped in
this risk they're too deep in the
trance they're too vested in the
illusion that feeling something is the
same thing as being free and they're too
afraid to cash out they're too too proud
to admit the jackpot was fake they're
too terrified to ask what if real
Freedom isn't even found in this game
what what if freedom is found in Walking
Away
entirely and the house turns Up the
Volume drowns out the questions with
another chorus another Crescendo another
carefully timed story of A great miracle
because the house always knows how to
distract you from the
odds because nothing keeps you playing
like the memory of that first hit that
first Hallelujah High because they've
built the whole casino on your
Longing To Fe
alive because your your addiction is the
business model your loyalty is their
bankroll every spin Whispers you could
win this
time just don't look too closely at the
