[Music]
cost they see signs in the static
patterns in the noise a whisper in the
Wind it wasn't there but must have
been because silence without a sender
feels too much like being forgotten
because Emptiness is too unbearable to
face without dressing it in a Divine
disguise they read the randomness like a
blackjack table searching for divine
tells they're trained to see God in the
randomness to read between the lines
until they find the message that they
desperately hope is waiting for them
they're clutching their faith like a
Tarot deck they're flipping verses like
Lucky Charms
anything to avoid facing the blank space
where meaning might not be they're
gamblers betting their hearts on hints
and half truths this is a spiritual
craps game where even a bad rooll gets
Sanctified a song on the radio a verse
that feels too perfect for the moment a
stranger words that land like prophecy
coincidence swallowed whole and called
Miracle they place bets on the butterfly
effect gambling that coincidence is
God's currency meaning conjured from
smoke certainty drawn From Shadows like
pulling constellations out of static and
calling it scripture they're reading tea
leaves in Sunday sermons decoding their
fate in fortune cookie verses they have
to believe it's real because if they
don't if this is just chaos if things
just happen without meaning if the
universe isn't Whispering secrets into
their ears then they are playing a game
with no rules with no guide book no
Divine hand tilting the odds and our
favor there's no house Edge to lean
against it's just blind beding on chaos
just luck and the Silence of the stars
and who wants to dance through this life
if no one's keeping score right and that
to them is
Unthinkable that to them is Terror
dressed in normaly that is the ache of
being awake in a world that might not be
