watching they're betting it all on a
dealer who is never going to show up so
they stack the deck in their own minds
they turn a bad day into a test of faith
they turn a coincidence into
confirmation every pain becomes purpose
every loss becomes Divine Design it's as
if every busted flush was rigged for
sanctification and grief only counts if
it earns them some points in the cosmic
Casino it's as if suffering has to be
Sanctified to be
survivable because the alternative is
admitting that sometimes things just
happen no hidden Parable no moral payoff
just just the ache of being alive in
this universe just the breathless
Stillness of a world that moves on with
or without us they say trust in God's
will what they really trust in is their
ability to force the puzzle pieces to
fit to reshuffle every red flag into a
revelation to hold the illusion steady
with both hands even as it Quivers even
as their soul breaks under the weight of
all that it's pretending to hold like a
gambler on a cold streak bluffing belief
with every breath they ignore the red
flags the pastor's greed the shifting
doctrines the questions that never have
good answers they call it Faith but it's
really just Superstition in Sunday Best
they fold their discomfort into origami
faith and smile at the creases they
ignore their gut instinct they bury
their own reasoning because doubt is
just another Temptation right and
they've been taught that certainty is
the only way to win even if the game is
is rigged even if the pot has already
been claimed even if the jackpot is
hollow even if the prize is just another
mask worn by fear they say roll the dice
again that prayer went unanswered God
must be saying wait that person got sick
anyway God must have a bigger plan the
door slammed in their face God must be
testing their faithfulness everything is
a rouette spin every loss is repackaged
as a Divine delay this is gamblers logic
