that can't be returned and the house
just keeps on quietly shuffling the
deck watching people reach again and
again for meaning in a hand of random
cards these cards that whisper promises
in one breath and vanish in the next and
our beloved ones just sit and keep
playing hoping that the next draw will
mean something more hit me again they
don't know how to live without the
wager Christians have forgotten how to
[Music]
fold they trade today for tomorrow they
trade flesh and breath for the weight of
these unseen promises they trade
everything real for the hope of
something better
after the present slips through their
fingers like coins into a collection
plate no receipt no return a blind bet
on a cosmic slot machine with no payout
schedule all
in they're told the jackpots coming the
prize is eternal every opportunity that
you missed every dream you set aside
every road not taken it's just a seat of
Faith it's an investment in the next
life when you will finally finally cash
in and cash in big
a Divine payout
taxfree but always
pending they're told that heaven has a
vault with her name on it the ultimate
payout this Celestial windfall if you
just keep anteing up keep pushing your
chips into the pot keep wagering not
just your behavior but your
identity every dream filed beneath the
phrase not yet someday they're stacking
their chips of potential on an alter of
delay afraid that dancing now might
disqualify them from dancing forever as
if happiness now might void the payout
later as if Delight is a risk that they
can't afford in this casino Joy becomes
a tell fulfillment becomes a red flag a
false jackpot luring Souls away from the
real table they're convinced that high
stake sacrifice equals Eternal dividends
and that that's the currency that buys
