Celestial stock it's as if exist is an
Investment Portfolio managed by faith as
if the return on investment is measured
in Halos and golden streets this is a
spiritual slot machine that they're
afraid to stop pulling every prayer
every yes Lord is another Spin and they
tell themselves over and over it was
worth it my treasure is in heaven my
reward is coming they chant it like a
gambler eyes wide with conviction Hearts
tight with
hesitation for playing out the hands
like there's still one ace coming
they're doubling down the promises
hoping for a miracle there's no check in
the mail there's no Divine inheritance
there's no payout there's no confetti
falling from the Skies of Glory there's
no trumpet blast of validation there's
no Heavenly
Applause there's only The Echoes of a
life they could have lived but
didn't it's a silence thick with the
scent of unopen possibilities like old
letters from a future that they never
claimed
a ledger of Mayes and forfeited chances
a balance sheet soaked in regret marked
pending forever and when they see the
truth when they see the Wasted Years the
unopened doors the paths they never
walked the rooms they never entered the
songs they never let their body sing the
dances they choreograph perhaps in
dreams but never Dar to perform when the
fear Rises that maybe they bet on
nothing maybe they gambled it all away
for a
lie and
narrative that crumbles in their hands
this jackpot of
myth that the odds were never in their
favor they were always the last ones
in they silence it they swallow it down
they push it down they're pocketing a
losing ticket and pretending maybe it'll
still somehow turn out good they're
pretending that the payout is just
delayed not denied they know that this
